LVLT	Level 3 sees downgrades as analysts refigure CTL merger upside	While Level 3 Communications (LVLT +3.9%) escaped CenturyLink's (CTL -12.5%) stock-price fate on confirmation of its buyout, the company saw downgrades as analysts digested post-merger upside.nWilliam Blair downgraded shares to Market Perform, saying that while the merger makes for a better competitor to AT&T and Verizon, growth could become an issue. "Neither Level 3 nor CenturyLink has been aggressively investing in network build-outs to support customer dark fiber deployments, which has hindered wholesale expansion," writes Jim Breen. "CenturyLink’s consolidated revenue was declining, and Level 3's core enterprise revenue has been decelerating."nCowen & Co. cut to Hold as well, analyst Colby Synesael expects the deal's structure means the two stocks trade in line with each other.n"We'd point out that the real value of this deal from a CTL perspective is Level 3’s FCF (plus the additional cost synergies)," he writes, "and to that point the reduction in Level 3 expected top-line performance has less impact on EBITDA/FCF as we note that even with the miss the company still managed to beat on EBITDA/FCF." He expects both companies' stocks to "bleed up" in coming quarters.
	Stocks muddle through to wrap third straight month of losses	Stocks finished on a flat note, with investors opening the week in a cautious mode amid new U.S. political uncertainties and ahead of a week filled with earnings reports and economic data.nThe end of October brought a third consecutive monthly slide for the Dow and S&P, while the Nasdaq snapped a three-month winning streak.nStocks started upbeat amid a flurry of M&A activity, including CenturyLink's deal to acquire Level 3 and GE's agreement to combine its oil and gas business with Baker Hughes, but an extended downturn in crude oil futures drove the broader market back to its flat line, pressured after members of OPEC failed to solidify a proposed supply freeze agreement; WTI crude settled 3.9% lower at $46.84/bbl.nNine of 11 S&P sectors ended higher, led by utilities (+2%) and real estate (+1.4%), while energy (-1.2%) and health care (-0.6%) lagged.nTrading volume topped the recent average of 850M, as more than 1B shares changed hands at the NYSE floor.nTreasury prices posted modest gains, with the two-year yield losing one basis point to 0.85% while the benchmark 10-year yield fell 2 bps to 1.83%.
VIA	Viacom taps international chief Bakish as acting CEO/president	With Tom Dooley departing his interim position atop Viacom (VIA -0.1%, VIAB -0.1%), the company has named Bob Bakish its acting president and CEO effective Nov. 15.nBakish is currently CEO of the company's International Media Networks business; he's been with Viacom since 1997. He's also being named to a slightly new role and organization, as president and CEO atop the Viacom Global Entertainment Group.nThat new unit combines the International Media Networks with Music and Entertainment Group, and incorporating TV Land and CMT. Meanwhile, the Kids and Family Group is being re-established as the "Nickelodeon Group" to exploit the success of the company's children's programming. BET will function as a separate, dedicated group.
USO	Oil tumbles into the end of the month	Black gold ended October lower than it started the month after a 4.1% decline today to $46.69 per barrel.nMaking a good excuse for the selling is chatter about whether OPEC can actually execute production cuts. In a weekend meeting of non-OPEC members, Azerbaijan, Brazil, Kazakhstan, Mexico, Oman and Russia all refused to commit to cuts or even freezes until OPEC reaches its own agreement.nUSO -4.35%nETFs: USO, OIL, UWTI, UCO, DWTI, SCO, BNO, DBO, DTO, UGA, USL, DNO, OLO, UHN, SZO, OLEM, OILK, OILX
BRCD	Brocade +22.3%; could give Broadcom vertical integration, Stifel says	Brocade Communications (NASDAQ:BRCD) is up 22.3% and hanging right at 52-week high range after news that it's in talks to sell itself and getting close to the end of that process.nA deal could be announced this week, Bloomberg reports, and one of the interested parties is reportedly Broadcom (AVGO +0.7%), which could be interested in supplementing its switch-chip business with Brocade's networking gear. Broadcom CEO Hock Tan has said he's interested in acquisitions.nSuch a deal might allow for better competition against much bigger rival Cisco Systems (CSCO +0.4%). "A purchase by Broadcom (Avago) would be a strategic move by Broadcom to vertically integrate in an IP switching and routing market that has increasingly moved to merchant silicon," notes Stifel analyst Aaron Rakers.nHe's maintained a Hold rating and $10 price target (the boost today has put Brocade at $10.63). He doesn't know any inside information about activity around Brocade this week but notes that for years, talk has persisted that Brocade might sell itself to suitors like H-P (NYSE:HPQ), Oracle (NASDAQ:ORCL) or IBM (NYSE:IBM).nWith current net debt (about $440M) and at $11/share, Brocade would come at about a $4.9B enterprise value, 7.3 times EBITDA, he says.
CTL	CenturyLink slides 12.8% on Level 3 deal, but dividend may be safer	CenturyLink (CTL -12.8%) and Level 3 Communications (LVLT +4.3%) have headed in opposite directions today after confirmation of CenturyLink's $34B deal to acquire the networking firm.nLevel 3 has hung just off its 52-week high on the news, while CenturyLink is at its lowest point since February. The particulars of the deal -- a 49% premium to Level 3's closing last Wednesday -- may have CenturyLink's investors balking (the same folks who bid CenturyLink up 9.7% when early reports of a deal began to break last Thursday).nDespite that big decline, the news may be good for CenturyLink's dividend, which is likely more secure, argues Wells Fargo's Jennifer Fritsche. "Improved free cash flow will enhance the combined company's financial flexibility and significantly lower its payout ratio; CTL expects to maintain its annual dividend of $2.16 per share."n"The increased scale afforded by the combined company is expected to generate $975 million of annual run-rate cash synergies, primarily from the elimination of duplicative functions, systems consolidation, and increased operational and capital efficiencies," Fritsche writes.nThe combo should also benefit from almost $10B in net operating losses that Level 3 has.
TLT	Treasury prices rise after disappointing Chicago PMI	The Chicago PMI unexpectedly fell 3.6 points in October to a five-month low of 50.6%. Expectations had been for about a flat read from September. The three-month moving average dipped to 52.1 from 53.8.nLeading the decline was a 5.4 drop in Production to 54.4, and New Orders fell to their weakest since May. Backlogs increased slightly, but remained in contraction territory. Employment also rose a bit, just climbing into the expansion zone. Supplier Deliveries fell to its weakest since June.nAlongside the slowdown in activity, inflation perked up, with Prices Paid jumping to its highest level since November 2014.nThe 10-year Treasury yield is down two basis pints to 1.833%. TLT +0.4%, TBT -0.8%.
	Increase in compensation of employees and nonfarm proprietors’ income lifts Personal income in September	Sept. Personal Income and Outlays: Income +0.3% M/M vs. +0.4% consensus, +0.2% (revised) prior.nConsumer spending +0.5% M/M vs. -0.1% consensus, flat prior..nCore PCE Price Index +0.1% vs. +0.1% with consensus, +0.2% prior.
SPY	Stock futures edge higher on merger Monday	Among the deals already announced is a merger of GE's oil and gas operations with Baker Hughes, and a buyout of Level 3 Communications by CenturyLink.nS&P and Dow futures are barely in the green, and the Nasdaq 100 is up 0.25%.nAsia was little-changed overnight and Europe is down 0.45% at midday.nRates are backing off just a bit across the developed globe, with the U.S. 10-year Treasury down 1.2 basis points to 1.842%.nGold and oil are both sporting modest losses.nETFs: SPY, QQQ, DIA, SH, SSO, VOO, SDS, IVV, SPXU, TQQQ, UPRO, PSQ, SPXL, RSP, SPXS, SQQQ, QID, DOG, QLD, DXD, UDOW, RWL, SDOW, VFINX, EPS, DDM, QQEW, BXUB, QQQE, SPLX, SFLA, BXUC, QQXT, SPUU, SPXE, LLSP, UDPIX, OTPIX, RYARX, SPXN, SPDN, SPXT, SPXV, TALL
GS	Goldman pushes Apple for Time Warner bid	Upset at being sidelined for advising on the deal, Goldman (NYSE:GS) is trying to persuade Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) to make a rival bid for Time Warner (NYSE:TWX), according to the NY Post, which cited a source as saying the bank is "freaking out - trying to convince Apple to come in."nOn an earnings call on Wednesday, CEO Tim Cook said, "We are open to acquisitions of any size... I would confirm that television has intense interest with me and many other people here."
EWU	FT: Mark Carney ready to serve full term	Mark Carney is preparing to announce his commitment to serving a full eight-year term as Governor of the Bank of England, sources told FT, following weekend reports suggesting he was ready to step down.nThe governor will confer with Prime Minister Theresa May and Chancellor Philip Hammond before making a final "personal" decision, potentially ahead of the publication of the BoE's inflation report on Thursday.nETFs: EWU, FKU, DXPS, DBUK, QGBR, HEWU
